<h1>mkp_if_amp</h1>

	<p>This conditional tag examines the url of the current page and determines if the url ends in 'amp.' This allows for a custom page to be rendered using the standards for Google's Accelerated Mobile Pages Project.</p>

	<h2>Acknowledgements</h2>

	<p>There was an earlier version of this plugin called mkp_archives that I lost when the Textdrive hosting service went down. But I think this one is actually an improvement anyway. Also thanks to <a href="http://www.greatoceanmedia.com.au/txp/?plugin=adi_gps">adi_gps</a> and <a href="http://stefdawson.com/sw/plugins/smd_if">smd_if</a> for some definite inspiration.</p>

	<h2>Links</h2>

	<ul>
		<li><a href="https://github.com/michaelkpate/mkp_if_amp">Github Code Repository</a></li>
		<li><a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/michaelkpate/mkp_if_amp/master/mkp_if_amp.txt">Download</a></li>
		<li><a href="http://ampdemo.cmsstyles.com/">Demo Site</a></li>
	</ul>

	<h2>mkp_if_amp</h2>

	<p>Just use &lt;txp:mkp_url_parameters /&gt; at the top of a page or form where you need to capture <span class="caps">URL</span> information. For a better explanation, you will want to visit the Demo Site.</p>

	<h3>Attributes</h3>

	<h4>None</h4>

	<h3>Examples</h3>

You will want some code similar to this in your individual article template header so that the amp page can be properly detected.

<pre><code>
<txp:if_individual_article>
 <link rel="canonical" href="<txp:permlink />">
  <link rel="amphtml" href="<txp:permlink />/amp/">
</txp:if_individual_article>
</code></pre>

You will want something similar to this in your individual article template to display the alternative formatting.
<pre><code>
<txp:mkp_if_amp>
<txp:output_form form="layout_archives_amp" />
<txp:else />
<txp:output_form form="layout_archives_standard" />
</txp:_mkp_if_amp>
</code></pre>

	<h3>Release History</h3>

	<p>Version x.x: March xxx, 2016</p>
